= restfulX framework

== Description

The RESTful way to develop Adobe Flex and AIR applications.

Ruboss framework will become restfulX as of 1.2 and will be released under MIT.

Here's some of the things you can do:

* *Create* a complete _Adobe_ _Flex_ or _AIR_ application in less than 5 minutes.

  Use our lightweight Ruby-based code generation toolkit to create a fully functional
  CRUD application. Simply do:
  
    sudo gem install ruboss4ruby
  
  And then run:
  
    ruboss-gen -h

* *Integrate* with _Ruby_ _On_ _Rails_, _Merb_ or _Sinatra_ applications 
  that use _ActiveRecord_, _DataMapper_, _CouchRest_, _ActiveCouch_, etc.

* *Communicate* between your Flex/AIR rich client and service providers 
  using either _XML_ or _JSON_.
  
* *Persist* your data directly in Adobe AIR's _SQLite_ database or _CouchDB_ 
  without any additional infrastructure or intermediate servers.
  
* *Deploy* your Ruboss application on the Google App Engine and use Google
  DataStore for persistence.

== Getting Started

For details on how to get started with the Ruboss framework refer to:

    http://github.com/dima/ruboss_framework/wikis/home 
    
    http://github.com/dima/ruboss4ruby/wikis/home
    
== Getting Involved

Report bugs or track framework development progress:

    http://ruboss.lighthouseapp.com/projects/12668-ruboss-framework/overview
    
Get involved with the community:
      
    http://groups.google.com/group/ruboss-framework
    
== License

Copyright (c) 2008 Dima Berastau and Contributors, released under MIT License
